import type { PyProxy } from "pyodide/ffi" doesn't work with NodeNext… (#4256)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/changelog.md

  `loadPyodide`, but this may be removed in the future.
  {pr}`4247`

> - {{ Fix }} `import type { PyProxy } from "pyodide/ffi"` doesn't work with NodeNext.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
- {{ Fix }} `import type { PyProxy } from "pyodide/ffi"` now works with the `NodeNext` typescript target.
```
